FirmwareUpdater Adding docs about CLI options (#185)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/icub_firmware/firmware/firmware.md

### Robot Versions and Firmware
Below you'll find a detailed description of the various robot versions, in particular for the `board` type-`id` or `ip address`-`firmware` associations. and the services offered by each board.

## Command Line Interface (CLI)
`FirmwareUpdater` provides a CLI with a set of options to do operation via command line.

Running `FirmwareUpdater -h` you'll be prompted to the list of all available options : 

<img src ="../img/cli-options.png" height = 480px>

## CLI options to change CAN ID and IP address
Here's described the capability to change : 

- CAN board ID via `SOCKETCAN` device
- CAN board ID via `ETH` device  
- IP address of an ETH board

### Change CAN ID via SOCKETCAN
In this example, we change the `CAN ID` on an `mtb` board connected via `SOCKETCAN` from 1 to 2.
The syntax of the command is the following : 
```bash
FirmwareUpdater -g -e SOCKETCAN -i 0 -c 0 -n 1 -k 2
```
where : 

> - `-g -e SOCKETCAN -i 0 -c 0` is need to use a `SOCKETCAN` device (i.e. `ESD CAN/USB`) with `ID=0` and `canline=0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-g -e SOCKETCAN -i 0 -c 0` is required to use a `SOCKETCAN` device (i.e. `ESD CAN/USB`) with `ID=0` and `canline=0`
```

- `-n 1 -k 2` changes old id 1 (-n 1) to 2 (-k 2)

<img src ="../img/canId-socketcan.gif" height = 480px>

### Change CAN ID via ETH
In this example, we change the `CAN ID` on an `mtb` board connected via `ETH ` through an `ems4` board w/ `IP address = 10.0.1.1` from 1 to 2.
The syntax of the command is the following : 
```bash
FirmwareUpdater -g -e ETH -i eth1 -t 10.0.1.1 -c 1 -n 1 -k 2
```
where : 

> - `-g -e ETH -i eth1 -t 10.0.1.1 -c 1` is need to use a `ETH` device (i.e. `ems4`) with `ip address = 10.0.1.1` and `canline=1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-g -e ETH -i eth1 -t 10.0.1.1 -c 1` is required to use a `ETH` device (i.e. `ems4`) with `ip address = 10.0.1.1` and `canline=1`
```

- `-n 1 -k 2` changes old id 1 (-n 1) to 2 (-k 2)

<img src ="../img/canId-eth.gif" height = 480px>

### Change IP address of an ETH board
In this example, we change the `IP address on an `ems4` board from `10.0.1.1` to 110.0.1.21.
The syntax of the command is the following : 
```bash
 FirmwareUpdater -g -e ETH -i eth1 -t 10.0.1.1 -2 10.0.1.2
```
where : 

> - ` -g -e ETH -i eth1` is need to use a `ETH` device (i.e. `ems4`) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ` -g -e ETH -i eth1` is required to use a `ETH` device (i.e. `ems4`) 
```

- `-t 10.0.1.1 -2 10.0.1.2` changes old i`IP address` 10.0.1.1 to 10.0.1.2

<img src ="../img/change-ip-address.gif" height = 480px>

## How to use ETH boards with a different IP subnet

> Here is the instruction about using ETH boards with a different subnet from the standard one (10.0.1.X)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide here the instructions to use ETH boards with a subnet different from the standard 10.0.1.X.
```

### Change IP to the board

> Assuming the board we are going to use have the `10.0.1.1` IP at the moment and want to move to `10.0.2.1`, follow the steps :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's assume that the board we use has the `10.0.1.1` IP and that we aim to switch to `10.0.2.1`. You ought to follow these steps:
```

        </group>

        <group name="ETH_BOARD_SETTINGS">
            <param name="Name">                     "knee-eb10-j0"    </param> 
            <group name="RUNNINGMODE">
                <param name="period">                   1000                </param>
                <param name="maxTimeOfRXactivity">      400                 </param>
                <param name="maxTimeOfDOactivity">      300                 </param>   
                <param name="maxTimeOfTXactivity">      300                 </param>                
                <param name="TXrateOfRegularROPs">      5                   </param> 
            </group>              
        </group>                 
        
        <group name="ETH_BOARD_ACTIONS">
            <group name="MONITOR_ITS_PRESENCE">
                <param name="enabled">                  true                </param> 
                <param name="timeout">                  0.020               </param> 
                <param name="periodOfMissingReport">    60.0                </param> 
            </group>
        </group>

    </group>  
    
</params>
```

### Run yarprobotinterace

> Finally, if all operations above went well you're able to run `yarprobotinterface` using the new subnet `10.0.2.X`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, if all the operations above came off, you're then able to run `yarprobotinterface` using the new subnet `10.0.2.X`.
```

### Test
The software has been compiled also on the Linux machine running `yarprobotinterface` and it works.

> Below an example of `yarprobotinterface` running with a gateway set to `10.0.2.104` connected to an `ems4` board with address `10.0.2.1` and an `F/T` sensor (`strain2`) connected to it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See below an example of `yarprobotinterface` running with a gateway set to `10.0.2.104` connected to an `ems4` board with address `10.0.2.1` and an `F/T` sensor (`strain2`) connected to it.
```
